who's the Texans here are the largest
heaviest and most powerful non
articulated meter gauge locomotives ever
built at least a dozen are on the line
every day with long strings of hoppers
loaded with low-grade anthracite for the
furnaces of Brazil's state-owned seal
industry the Theresa Christina as it is
called is isolated from the rest of the
Brazilian railway system and loads but a
single commodity coal like the Reading
Railroad the Theresa Christina exists to
get coal from the mountains to the sea
where it is loaded aboard ship for in
this case a voyage of about 600 miles
north to the steel mills of reel as was
so often the case of South America the
lion was conceived by British interests
it was completed in 1884 and taken over
by the government 22 years later at the
time the first of these pictures were
made the main line was about 220 miles
long and had four principal branch lines
into the mountains only two survived the
great play
[Music]
you